Section 3. Auto Announcer and Autcommands

The auto announcer module is part of uessentials. It can be set up to automatically put messages in chat at any frequency and in most colors. The following config exists in the 
console and can be used to configure the module to say things in chat. 
  "AutoAnnouncer": {
    "Interval": 300,
    "RandomMessages": true,
    "Enabled": true,
    "Messages": [
      "<red>Message 1",
      "<green>Message 2",
      "<blue>Message 3"
Dissassebling this config, the first line just says what module this is. The second line, where the 300 is, is where you put in the interval you want these messages in. This is 
all in secconds. So saying 300 secconds means 5 min, 600 is 10 min, 60 is 1min, 120 is 2min. The RandomMessages variable line can be set as either true or false. This means the 
only variable this will accept is True or False. True means it will pick a random message from the ones it has listed and use it. False means itll go down the list and say those.
The line which has Enabled on it, just like RandomMessages will only accept True or False as variables. This line tells the plugin if it needs to say these messages in chat. 
Moving on to the messages part, there are 3 messages. There can be as many as needed but I would not reccomend going above 10. If you look at the messages Message 1 and 2 have 
commas (,) at the ends, signifying that another thing in smae category will come after it. The last one, Message 3, has no comma signifying that it is the last message there.
Please note that commas matte, same as spacing.  So not to cause errors please check if the commas are present in the correct places and not there in others. If you need help
please reach out to us. Our discord is in the Readme file and you can also create an issue which we will take a look at and help you.

Autocommand module. 
This module will execute a command when told, from console and not from ingame. The following config is located in config.json of the uessentials folder. 
  "AutoCommands": {
    "Commands": [
      {
        "RunOnce": false,
        "Timer": 120,
        "Commands": [
          "Broadcast Test",
        ]
Taking a look at the config, the first line shows the name of the module. The second showing the start of the area where commands to be executed are input into. The line which says
RunOnce only accepts True or False variables. This config shows if this command will be run once or every set ammount of time. The True in this situation signifying that this 
command will only run once, and the false signifying that this command will run every set ammount of time. The line which says Timer is there to show how many secconds are 
between the command runs. If only run once, this will count down from time of activation of this module. The next line which says Commands is there to show that below it the commands
that will be run are to be entered. This particullar config will have the command broadcast run every 2 min saying test. Please do notice that this does not have a slash (/) which
means it is run from console. It does not need and will not work with a / infront of the command. 

With both of these configs every 5 min a message will be said (message 1, 2,3 on repeat) and a broadcast saying test will appear every 2 min. This command can be anything from banning
someone to giving someone some tools or clothing. 
