Section 1. General info.

How to install Uessentials

There are 2 major hosting companies which people use. People also self host. In lyhme and in self hosting, the file location for Uessentials is Servers>Server>rocket>Plugins
For GTX it is Servers>Saved>Rocket>Plugins. To install Uessentials some hostings have an option to install a plugin through a part of console called Mod Manager, some require 
you to add the .dll and restart the server. Firstly Ill explain how to install Uessentials with mod manager. First you will Need Rocketmod and Libraries module. Assuming you have them
Scroll down, or search for Uessentials.dll, then press install and let it install. Then if not already restarted, restart the server. The Plugin should be installed and ready to use.
For installing the plugin through upoading the .dll here are the steps: First you will need the .dll which can be aquired on the page of Uessentials github: which can be found below
https://github.com/uEssentials/uEssentials On this page click on releases, then click on the latest release. (At time of writing this version is 1.3.6.0) The should be 3 files. 
A zip file called Uessentials-(Insert version of Uessentials.) For me this file is called Uessentials-1.3.6.0.zip, there should be 2 other files with the name Source code. Click 
on the one with Uessentials in the name (Should have a Cube icon next to it) and it will download a .zip file to your computer. In that file there will be 1 folder containing 
A file called Uessentials.dll which is what you need. Extract Uessentials.dll somewhere (I reccomend to desktop) and open your servers file manager, Whether through the website of 
your hosting or an FTP software. If you are self hosting open the plugins folder of your server. Drag the Uessentials DLL into the plugins folder then restart our server and let it 
start. This should create a folder called Uessentials. If you dont have any other plugins intstalled, your plugins folder should have Uessentials.dll (A single file) and a folder 
called Uessentials. You now have Uessentials and are ready to configure it and use it to your liking. 

